check bucket for meta file even on upload error to increment uploaded… (#2059)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Ring: fix bug where instances may appear unhealthy in the hash ring web UI even though they are not. #1933
* [BUGFIX] API: gzip is now enforced when identity encoding is explicitly rejected. #1864
* [BUGFIX] Fix panic at startup when Mimir is running in monolithic mode and query sharding is enabled. #2036

> * [BUGFIX] Ingester: check bucket for meta file even on upload error to increment uploaded counter correctly #2059

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Ingester: check bucket for meta.json file even on upload error to report oldest non-shipped block correctly. #2059
```
